---
title: Earning Yield on Curve
---

import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import GuideCardGrid from '@site/src/components/GuideCardGrid';
import ButtonGrid from '@site/src/components/ButtonGrid';

Curve offers many different ways to earn and grow using your assets, including:

- [**Providing Liquidity to DEX Pools**](lp.md):
    By depositing your assets into a liquidity pool, you become a **liquidity provider (LP)**, and your assets are used to facilitate trades on Curve. In return, you earn a fee each time a trade happens. Additionally, you can stake your LP tokens for potentially more rewards or points.

- [**Earning by Lending on Llamalend**](lending.md):
    Llamalend, allows you to **earn interest by lending out assets** to borrowers. Simply deposit your assets into a lending market, and you'll start earning yield. Many markets also award CRV rewards and other incentives.

- [**crvUSD Savings Vault (scrvUSD)**](scrvusd.md):
    scrvUSD offers a simple way to earn yield on **crvUSD**. These scrvUSD tokens automatically increase in value over time, as they accrue interest from the fees generated by crvUSD borrowing on Llamalend.

- **Earning with veCRV**:
    veCRV, or vote-escrowed CRV (locked CRV) is a key component for maximizing your earning potential and participating in the Curve ecosystem. By locking your CRV tokens for a chosen period, you receive veCRV, which unlocks two powerful benefits

    1. [**Share of Curve's Protocol Revenue**](revenue.md):
        As a veCRV holder, you are entitled to a **share of the revenue generated by Curve**. A portion of the fees from DEX trades and crvUSD borrowing is collected and distributed weekly to veCRV holders. This allows you to directly benefit from the overall activity and trading volume across the Curve platform.

    2. [**Boosting CRV Rewards (Up to 2.5x)**](boosting.md):
    If you're already earning CRV tokens from providing liquidity or lending, you can potentially **increase these rewards up to 2.5 times** The more veCRV you hold and the longer you lock your CRV, the higher your boost will be on your eligible CRV earnings.
