
# Curve Stablecoin: Overview
Curve Stablecoin infrastructure enables users to **mint crvUSD using a selection of crypto collaterals**. Adding new collaterals is subject to DAO approval. 

`crvUSD` is designed to provide a more **capital-efficient**stablecoin mechanism and **smoother liquidations**, while maintaining a decentralized design which the Curve DAO governs.

:::github[GitHub]

The source code for all releveant stablecoin contract can be found on [GitHub ](https://github.com/curvefi/curve-stablecoin). Related deployments can be found [here](../references/deployed-contracts.md#curve-stablecoin).


:::

---


# **Curve Stablecoin Infrastructure Components**

-   :logos-crvusd: **crvUSD**---

    `crvUSD` token which is based on the [ERC-20 Token Standard](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/).

    [→ `crvUSD.vy`](./crvUSD.md)

-   **Savings crvUSD**---

    Savings crvUSD, abbreviated as `scrvUSD`, is a yield-bearing version of crvUSD built on top of a Yearn V3 Vault. It earns a portion of the yield generated by borrowers who pay interest to mint crvUSD.

    [→ `Savings crvUSD`](../scrvusd/overview.md)

-   **Controller**---

    The Controller is the contract the **user interacts with**to **create a loan and further manage the position**. It holds all user debt information. External liquidations are also done through it.

    [→ `Controller.vy`](./controller.md)

-   **LLAMMA**---

    LLAMMA is the **market-making contract that rebalances the collateral**. As the name suggests, this contract is responsible for liquidating collateral. Every market has its own AMM (created from a blueprint contract) containing the collateral asset and crvUSD.

    [→ `LLAMMA.vy`](./amm.md)

-   **Factory**---

    The Factory is used to **add new markets**, **raise or lower debt ceilings**of already existing markets, **set blueprint contracts for AMM and Controller**, and **set fee receiver**.

    [→ Learn more](./factory/overview.md)

-   **Monetary Policy**---

    Monetary policy contracts are integrated into the crvUSD system and are **responsible for the interest rate**of crvUSD markets.

    [→ Learn more](./monetarypolicy.md)

-   **PegKeepers**---

    PegKeepers are contracts that help **stabilize the peg of crvUSD**. They are allocated a specific amount of crvUSD to secure the peg. 

    [→ Learn more](./pegkeepers/overview.md)

-   **Price Aggregator**---

    The AggregatorStablePrice contract is designed to **aggregate the price of crvUSD based on multiple Curve pools**. This price is mainly used as an oracle for calculating the interest rate, providing an aggregated and exponential moving average price.

    [→ Learn more](./priceaggregator.md)

-   **Oracles**---

    Oracle contract used for collaterals in the markets.

    [→ `Oracles`](./oracle.md)

-   **Flash Loan**---

    The `FlashLender.vy` contract allows users to take out a flash loan for `crvUSD`.

    [→ `FlashLender.vy`](./flashlender.md)
